wanted to increase your work productivity by crawling information on the web, but gave
up because you didn't know how to code? If you
use AI like Make and Chaechi PT, you can
crawl certain websites and
apply them to your desired work flow to increase your work productivity.
So today, I'm going to
show you how to crawl AI-related information from various sites using Make.
If you want to try web crawling without coding, I recommend
watching this video and following along.
Before you start web crawling in earnest, it would be good to look at what a website is and the
two types of websites.
First, a
website is a
document written in a language called HTML that is
transmitted from a server to a user via the http protocol, and
the transmitted information is implemented by a web browser in a way that
makes it easier for us to view.
Websites
can be broadly divided into two types:
static websites and dynamic
websites. First, a static
website refers to a site where
all HTML information is immediately
displayed on a web browser when you access the website.
Simple and
lightweight websites are usually structured like this.
Websites and blogs within a company fall
into this type. As I'll show you later,
this structure allows you to easily retrieve the desired data by simply importing the HTML source.
Since you can extract it, crawling is relatively
simple. Second,
there are dynamic websites. Dynamic websites do
not display all the HTML when you first access them. When you first load them,
only the basic HTML structure is displayed.
After that, additional information is updated using API requests or
JavaScript.
Websites where employers are added or
information changes in real time when you search for a service are classified as
dynamic websites.
This structure is usually used in large-scale services that use
JavaScript frameworks such as React, View, and Angular.
Today, I will tell you how to crawl
both types of websites in Make. To
crawl the web,
first access Make.
Oh, by the way, in today's video, I will explain
how to actually crawl the web.
So if this
is your first time using Make,
I recommend that you first watch the Make tutorial video that I uploaded previously. Oh, then log in and
click Ray New Scenario.
Next, let's say the scenario name is Website
Crawling Test.
Now, you can add a module.
Today, I will show you AI-related information.  Let's
assume that we are crawling through Make and
proceed with the practice. First, let
's crawl a static website.
In order to check the latest technology trends related to AI, it can be useful to
follow up on AI-related papers from the list.
So, there is a page where the
latest papers are uploaded in the AI ​​section of archive.org ES cs.ai, a representative paper site.
Here, we will practice retrieving the values ​​from the list of the latest papers.
Here, the paper title is the
author, and here is the link. For
each paper, we will list and retrieve these three: HT hl link.
Since this static website simply extracts all values ​​at once as HTML code, you can easily extract the information
you want by importing only the HTML code with Make. To
retrieve this HTML code,
add a module. There is an http module.
Click on this and then
select request L.
Then, you need to insert it here. For
us, we can
retrieve URL arive all.
So, insert it like this.
Next, the method is what we
want to retrieve information from. We
want to retrieve the HTML code, so we use
get.  You can do that, and then set the body
type to ro and the content type to jason. If
you do that and click OK, you
can do that. Then I'll run this once. If you click R once, the
information from this site has been
imported into the http module. If you
look here, you can see that the data has
all the HTML codes like this. We've imported a lot of
information. If you look below, you
can see that we've imported all the information, including the paper title and author link. But since it's
HTML code, there's
a lot of code information in addition to the text value.
So, if you
want to make this easier to work with, it's a
good idea to convert it to text. To do
that, go to the text parser and
there's a module called HTML to Text. Click on that. The
value here
is the data value that came out as https. You can enter the data value. Do that,
save it, and
then
run it again. If you run it again, the
messy HTML codes that were in the front of the output are
gone, and the texts are extracted like this. If you
look here, you can see the
title and the value are entered like this, and
then the authors are listed here.  Let
's go in and here, there's a link too,
so you can see that the text value is extracted well.
Now, with this text, we want to
extract only the title, author, and link values ​​of the paper,
so you can do the data
extraction task. In fact,
in the past, in order to extract only the
title, author, and link
values ​​that we want from this output, we have to
use the X that I covered in the previous video to do pattern
matching. In the
case of a site like this, pattern matching is not as easy as it seems. That's
because the title
continues here, and here, Sia Chi
Tang, this is where the author's name
begins, but the title, the author,
just has a space and is not properly separated.
If it starts with a new paragraph, it would be
good if it were separated like ath, but it is
not separated and goes right in.
So it's not as easy as you think to distinguish
where the title ends and
where it starts with X.
So in the past, when I was
doing this kind of work, I
spent hours just making a line. But
now, it's the AI ​​era. So when there are
cases where you have to write such a complicated X,
instead of using X, you just
use AI to extract the data you want.  You
can extract it. So
let's ask the BT team to extract the information we want. Then,
select the PT module,
click create, and try connecting.
Ah, the model
will be PT 45. And
in the message, we will input the system and the user separately. To put it
simply, the
system
gives instructions before doing the most suitable work. You
can think of it as telling you how to operate.
I will put the prompt that I wrote in advance here.
And I will put the content in the user prompt and
I will explain it. If you
look, I have specified that you are a
very cooperative and smart assistant who
does web crawling in the system prompt.
And
the values ​​that we want are the title, ath, and
extract the link from this paper. And do not
extract any other information. And
I have specified that the output should be in the Jason format. And I have
explained the rules for the Jason format a little more. It
starts and ends with brackets like this. If you do
not add a sentence after this, Jason and the value
Extract itself again. So I
instructed it not to attach this kind of thing, just output the actual JSON format output. Then, I
used a user prompt here to
write specific information.
So, I emphasized that only the contents of the JSON file
should be extracted.
Usually, about 50
papers are displayed at once on the site.
So, since there are about 50, I specified that it should
extract all 50 without stopping after doing a few.
Then, I inserted a flag. So, if the
data input is like this, the
output should come out like this.
Sometimes, if you don't insert a flag, the result value may
not come out in the form we want.
So, if you
insert a flag like this, you can
continue to receive the desired values ​​more stably.
And now, the
most important thing is to insert the text value received
from the website that we extracted with this text parser.
So now, I specify the website data.
And the text is the
text value from the text parser, and the
token is 4096.  I'll do it
because there are a lot of examples and
we need to
extract information about several papers for the output,
so I'll increase the token value just in case. You can
do this and
save it.
Then, we don't need to do anything like matching with X.
Chachi PT will
understand the prompt and extract
only the values ​​we want from the text information in the JSON format. Let's
run it once. It
went like this. If you
look at the ret, it organizes
several papers well in the JSON format by linking the title.
You can see that it's being extracted well. If
you're not familiar with this yet, you need to create a connection if you want to use it in the latest PT
Make.
If you connect, you'll
have an API key. So if you
look at the beginning of my Make tutorial, I explained how to
enter the API key. Please refer to it and
create an API key first. You need to
purchase Chachi PT API credits first. The
minimum amount is $5, and if you
purchase it, you need to enter the API key. If you
enter the API key and save, the
connection will be made.  Then you
can use it. So I checked
that I can extract the ret well like this.
It's very simple. If you
make this yourself, it can be very difficult, but
instead of using PTGA, you can organize that difficult task neatly. At
this time,
we wrote the prompt in English. Of course, it's okay to write it in Korean, but the
thesis site itself is in English.
And the work we have to do
is also technical. We have to
extract the information we want in Jason format.
So when giving such instructions, it's
more accurate and you can get a more reliable output if you do it in English. That's
why I intentionally wrote it in English.
I wrote it in the main text of the user prompt. So, I'll put the prompt in the video description so that you can
refer to it when you practice.
We
received the information in Jason format. Then, if you save this
in a database like a sheet and
use it, it would be
good to do one more thing to save it. Right now, the
ret is all in one value, but
this is now  It would
be better to split it and assign each value by paper.
So the way to split this is
because we made it in a Jason format, so it would be
good to use a function that organizes the data nicely in this Jason format.
Go into Jason and there
is Parse Jason and a module. So
click Parse Jason and the Jason string is the ret value.
We just came out
as a Jason string. So you can change the ret to a Jason string.
After doing this, you can
connect the
sheet. First, connect the sheet to Google Connection and
select the drive.
I
made a sheet in advance because it is a web crawling example. You can
now designate the columns by crawling the AI ​​paper.
But I have
n't received it as Jason yet, so the
columns don't appear.
I'll try it again. Then, the
Jason format that was included in one ret is
divided into a bundle for each paper. If you
divide it like this, it will be
easier to process. And
we can change the title ter link to the original
hpt.  Since you asked me to divide it like this, I
divided the Jason format well so
that you can specify each column like this.
Now, you have to paste this on the sheet.
In the sheet, the update date will be
updated today, so just
select Now from Date and Time. In the
title, select
Title Author from the Jason file. And then
select Link Link. Then,
connect it like this.
Finally, if you
run it once, the data in the sheet will be
updated properly. So,
50 thesis have
been updated. If you look at the sheet, you
can see that it has been updated like this. The
link is also included like this, and you
can check the author as well. You can
see that the sheet has been updated like this. If you
click on the link here, it
will go straight to the paper. It
can be useful to bring the paper list to the sheet like this,
but you
may want to go into each of these links and extract the content of the paper.
So this time, we will look at how to crawl a static website
first, and then additionally crawl the
links within that page.  Here's an
example, which is
boring, so this time, there's a website that
covers tech articles, such as TechCrunch, and
there's an AI
section. So we're going to crawl the latest news in the AI ​​section, and
after crawling,
there are articles. Let's go into each article,
summarize the information, and
bring it into a sheet.
Then, let's create a new module.
This time, please select http and
request maker.
Originally, we
can only do one in one trigger scenario.
So, an error message appears like this. If you
move the clock shape like this, you
can do it from the bottom here. This time, let's
copy and paste the URL here. Just
put it in and change it to this. Just
like before, we
'll set it to low JSON.
And in the same way, we'll
copy and paste the text parser.
And we'll get the data value in front. In the same way, we only
need to extract the text anyway, so we set it the same way.
Then, let's run it first.
Then, we extracted the values ​​that include multiple articles in the text.
Here, we can
extract some data with the information.  I don't want to, but here are the
articles, and here
is the link, right? https
techcrunch.com, and here is the
date, and then the title is the
URL, and there are the URLs of the articles,
and the values ​​are here, and there are also
articles, so we have to
extract these URLs and access each URL to
extract the article information, so we
have to extract the URLs again this time.
Of course, we can use Chaji PIT like before, but if you
look at the data, this
is relatively simple. So we'll use X as a text parser to
match. For
these simple things, it's
better to use X instead. Chaji PTGA is
convenient, but anyway, we have to
charge the API credit and use the API,
so it costs money. It's not a
big cost, but
if you think you'll run this workflow often, it's better to use X directly for simple things in order to make it cost-effective.
So there's something called a match pattern in the text parser.
Click on the match pattern and enter the X expression here. If you
look at it, it's
https in capital letters,
techlunch.com, and then the date value, and
then the title values.
So that  You can think about it and
match it. I
created a response in advance. If you look here, the
part in front is called URL, so I
specified that the value matched by the pattern should be saved as a key value pair called URL. The
part after this is the
mark that actually matches it.
When you create this, it
would be good to refer to the X tutorial video that I covered for basic knowledge about X. And now,
when you actually create it, just give me the system PT
text and say, "I
want to get this here," and
create the response. After you create it, the
chat T may not always create the exact X expression
at once.
So now you have to test it. There is a
site called X101.com.
Go here and put the X we created
first on top. Then, there
is the text to be extracted. Copy the text source
here and put it below. It will
tell you the values ​​that are brought in as expressions in green. So you
can easily test whether the X I created is working properly. If you
do not test it like this and continue to execute operations in Make, it
may incur additional costs.  So,
test it with X101 first, and
if it is extracted properly, you
can enter it as a pattern in the text parser here. So we
confirmed that it works well.
I will enter this value on the video explanation day.
So,
after entering it like this, you have to do a global match on this pattern.
Because if you
don't do a global match, you will be finished if you find only one.
But we
want to find all the URLs, so
do a global match. We will not do a case-sensitive. We
will not distinguish between the substitution characters. Of course, we
specified it in capital letters here, but
just in case, we will not do a case-sensitive.
Then, the most important thing is to
enter the text.
From which text will this be extracted?
Enter the text extracted from the text parser like this.
Then, it will extract all the URLs. Let's
run it once.
If you look at it like this, you can see that the article URL is extracted well in a bundle like 1 2 3 4.
Then, if you go into
each URL and
make an http request again, you can
get the HTML code for each article page.
So,
you can do that now. To do that  First of all,
this URL is in uppercase. I'll
convert it to lowercase. This is
because if it's in uppercase, the
http request
won't work properly. So I'll convert it to lowercase first.
There's a set called veri for lowercase. So you
create a new variable. You
create a nore case URL. There's a
formula for lore. And if you
wrap the URL value in lore, it
will now be in lowercase. This is how you
get lowercase. Now, you make an http
request again. You
get the lore case URL. You can get the
html value again by converting this back to lore.
I'll run it again up to here. Then, if you look at the
values ​​you got, I
've converted all the URLs to lowercase. After converting, I've
individually got the html values.
If you look at the data you got, it's been
extracted like this. Since
there are html codes, you have to convert them to text
first. I'll
convert the data to text again. After converting, if you look
at the text, you'll see
something like this in front of the menu. He's got a sign
image. And at the very end, you'll see this
article information, too.  Additionally, there are
various topics and
various texts attached under the site,
so I will ask AI to summarize the information for each article and
output it, but
before that,
there are unnecessary parts in the text extracted, so I
will cut out the part above and the part after the article. I will
leave only the necessary parts and
ask AI to summarize them, so it will be
easier for AI to work. The fact
that AI is easy to work with
ultimately increases
the probability that we can always receive the values ​​we want reliably.
So I will
preprocess the data, and I
will use the three barriers as before. So I will save a new variable again. I
want to extract only the news information, and I will use a formula to
cut out the desired value. Above,
how I will cut it is, this address is included.
This is the address of the article. The
address of the article is included four times. From the
first part here, it
includes the entire article content. So I will
split it first based on the URL and bring only the latter part.
Then, as
you can see at the end,  There is a topic.
What does this topic mean? If you go into the article, the
upper part is where we
cut the ES, and the latter part is written at the end
like this. It's always like
that. We'll cut it again in the topic section.
Then, mainly,
only the content related to this article will remain. We'll preprocess it like that.
So, this tool will come and
split it into two criteria. If you
look like this, there's the text here.
We'll split the text value that we got by matching the pattern in front
first. There's the
URL value. We
got the lower case URL from Berry earlier. We got it here. So, we
split the URL first.
After splitting, slicing means
which range of
pieces we're going to use among the split values. We'll
use it from the second one.
Because when the first unique comes out, we
want to discard the one above it, so we'll
use it from the second one. And the next one is
empty. This empty space means everything to the end.
So, we'll
bring everything from the second one to the end, and then we'll
join it. We did a join and
just did a join without putting anything in.  The
values ​​were sliced ​​and
brought in pieces, right? We
combine all those pieces. We combine them into one and split them
again by topic.
And using get, the
first part of the split
means the values ​​before the topic. So if
you do this for the values ​​before the topic, you
can extract only the content of the article.
Let's run it again.
Then, we bring it and
change the lowercase URL, bring in the HTML for each article again,
change the text, and then
cut it to only the part we want.
Let's compare the first article.
Then, we start with Jetive AI at the beginning,
and at the end, CEO Net
Freedman Netman. You can see that the
article information is well loaded like this.
Of course, I split it by topic here, but
if you do this, the
word Fixline may be used first in another sentence and
may be cut incorrectly.
But usually, it would be difficult to
find a case where the article talks like that, so
I
did it like this. If you actually use it
like this, and the article is
not included properly,  If you do that, you
can just change the split criteria.
For now, we'll try
using this because it seems to work well. The
articles are
well-selected like this, and we'll ask you to
summarize the content with the selected content. But we'll
summarize the content of these articles,
but we'll also request that they be organized by including the news title, the
article date, and the link.
We'll do some preprocessing to make it
easier to work with.
Now, we'll request treatment with the selected content.
This time, we'll
select gbt 4 and increase the number of tokens.
And we'll
divide the messages into system and user and input them again. If you
look at the system,
this time we've designated it as a professional assistant that summarizes articles. We've
requested that the content of these articles be organized and output in Jason format. So the purpose is to summarize the information
well and deliver the core message. The
output format is all
in Jason format.
I've given you an example of the format.
And here, what are each of the values?  I
explained that it should be replayed as a gull, and
things that should be included in the summary, and
things that should be excluded, and also things like, “Don’t say
unnecessary things here,
and don’t make up stories.” I also
set the tone, and at the end, I
added an important play.
So, when input comes in like this, I
specified that the output should be like this. Then, the
user can make the actual task request.
Here, I specified the article with Get News inf.
I will request that this be summarized for the content that we appeared in. Then, I will organize these
three values, title, date, and summary, and send them to you
in a Jason format.
We already
received it in a Jason format here. I
will attach a Jason parser here in advance. Just parse it as Jason and
receive the chat ret. Then, I will
run it again like this. So, if you
look at it like this, it is in Jason format.  Let's
do the title date summary well. You
can see that the value is received like this.
Then, do the top. Anyway, we have to
connect the sheet again. Let's
connect the sheet again with AD row.
So, I
'll update the sheet. This time, it's a tech
news sheet. Here, the date date
title title summary summary. The link is intentionally
organized. Anyway, we
have the URL of the lower case organized here. Let's designate it as this. Do
this. Now, let's
run it once to update the sheet.
If you press Once again, the tech news will be updated in the sheet like this.
Then, you
can see that the contents are summarized and printed well by article.
If you want to give black points, you
can also request Chez Pitihandal. Anyway, you
can see that it's organized well like this and the glaze is extracted.
Oh, I made the request too
often and the ray limit was hit.
But now, if you don't do it this often, the
limit is
not that big. So
when you test, in fact, you do
n't do several at once like this. You only output it
when you're done.  Before you run it, it
might be better to test it by extracting the content to one or so. There
might be a limit like this.
Anyway, you can see that it is updated well in the sheet now.
And
right now, we are just adding to the sheet,
but if we
run this periodically, we do
n't want to update the same article. In that case, I brought in the lower-level link.
If the link is included when you
bring in the sheet link and compare it with it, you can filter
it so that the surface does not move to the next step. I think it would be
good to refer to the make videos that I have made before for the filtering work.
So, we looked at
going into the link for the static website,
checking the content, and even summarizing it and
updating the sheet.
But, as we said earlier, there are dynamic
websites as well as static websites. In the case of
dynamic websites, the
information we want is not all displayed at once in the HTML.
So,
we cannot extract the information we want with an http request like this. I will
show you once. For example, this time, let
's assume that we want to research products related to AI automation programs at Cremon.
Then, we want to get the value from the site.
Jason, I'll try to
output it once. I'll paste the text file and
extract it. If you paste it and run it,
there are only contents at the beginning and end, and the lists in the middle don't
appear. The product list isn't crawled.
This is because it can't be retrieved later with JavaScript.
So, this kind of dynamic website can't be
retrieved initially with an http request.
So, we need to use a different method.
At this time, a service called F5 is available that allows for some degree of customization and can
easily retrieve information from this dynamic website.
Select fif in Make and click watch actor
runs.
Then, you need to select a hook here.
To do this, you
first need to log in to the F5 service.
Go to ff.com and
log in. Yes, you
can log in like this. After you log in, I'll
briefly explain how to use it. If you
look on the left, you
'll see something called Store. This store is kind of like Apple's App Store or Google's Google Play Store.
Here, we can
select and use the scraper that helps us crawl the web. The
cost and
such are different for each service.
There is, so you
can think of it as selecting what you want and using it.
Each service corresponding to the concept of each app is called an
actor. So
we can use this actor for web crawling.
So,
for example, if you select what you want to use in the store
here and start and
run it, or if you favorite it with a star, it will be
displayed like this on my actor screen. So you
can think of this as the concept of an app.
This is a service concept where the
code is all written for web crawling.
As the name of the service suggests, the mission of this part is to
APIize all website information. It
is like a user manual that helps you easily use information from API services. However, not all websites are
well-organized and usable with APIs.
So you
can think of this part as helping you with that. In this actor, we
select what we want to use, enter additional input information, and
then press Start to
run the code.
Once it is run, you can check the execution information in the store.
Then,
the information obtained by running the crawl will be stored in the storage.  That's right, the
information from the website is
accumulated here as storage, and this
accumulated data is now connected to Make,
so you can utilize the data in Make, and there
's also something called a schedule.
If you set a schedule, you can use a specific actor as a
daily or weekly. You
can select an actor like this, and you
can use it to run it periodically.
This is a simple
explanation of the wave, and the wave provides credits for free up to dollars every month.
So you can
actually run most personal projects
for free. Of course,
in the store, instead of this free campaign, there is a
concept of rent, so you
have to pay a subscription fee to use the actor. If you
don't use that, you can use dollars for free,
so
I think it would be good to follow along. Now, we're going to
crawl a dynamic website using this file. If you
type in web scraper in the store, the first thing that comes up is this. We're
going to use this now. So
click on web scraper.
Since you're going to use it often, you can click on the star.
Then, in the input here,
we  The information you want
will be mainly the website. We want to
get the 668 category value of the website Cremon.
Then, specify this and
just specify the content below and
click Start to start crawling.
Here, if you
look at the information, it will probably be a little different from mine.
So, at first, you just need to modify a few
things.
First, this information will probably be included here.
Additionally, there
is something set to get the page. You
can just delete the example. The
next most important thing is that
we need to get the HTML information. After
JavaScript runs on the dynamic website, you need to
get the HTML value. To do
that, you will specify the condition like this and the
page HTML value.
Specify the screen that appears in the document web browser, and in it,
write the code like this: element, then outer HTML. And
at the end, you need to put a semicolon. If you
do this, this will save the HTML code
in the variable variable called page HTML.
After saving it,
just add the page HTML to the return value. If you
add it like this.  Now,
when the actor returns, after the JavaScript is executed on the dynamic website, the
HTML value of the website is loaded.
So,
output it as a value called page HTML. Specify it like this and
then just press start and you're
done. But, we
need to get the value from Make, right?
To get it, you need to set it up.
First, select the hook in the F5 module. If you
try it, you
need to make a connection first. For the connection, you
need to enter the API token. If you
go into the settings here, there is an API
integration. Here,
give it a new token and create one with a web scraper. You
can copy and use this. Just copy and paste it.
When you create a connection, you will be asked to select the terminal.
Select the actor as a web scraper.
We have already set it up.
Next, you
need to add one more file. You need to press get.
What is get ice? I said that when we
run a file, the content that was run is
stored in the storage. The information
is now a dataset. So,
we can create one.  When you run an actor, you
get the ID value generated by it, and you
get the information stored in that ID and
use it in Make.
So you have to save the ID.
Now, the first thing is to detect that the actor is running. If it is
running, the
ID value is the default dataset
ID. You can specify this.
And you can set how many values ​​you want to get. I'll
do up to ten. I'll
put the clock back here and test it.
Then, I'll run the crawler in Pa and
get the values ​​in Make. I'll
turn on the Make scenario like this and set it to detect when a new actor runs in Pa and
get the dataset items. I'll
start the web scraper in that state.
Then, Make
should receive this. Then, FIFA rolls like this.
When the process is complete, Make
recognizes that it was run like this. And it
gets the HTML. If you look here, the
product values ​​are all displayed.
Unlike before, the product values
seem to be displayed well. This is the P file.
It crawled the dynamic website and
now we're going to convert this into text again. We're going to
convert it into text using a text parser. It's the page
HTML value.
And then we have to keep
making the latter part and test it.
So let's cut this out and bring in the lightning bolt. If you
look at the data ID value in the storage of the file when we test it here, it's this. We're going to
bring in the dataset ID value that we ran and put it here. Because
we're going to run it multiple times, and if we watch the file every time and
run the file again,
credits will be consumed in the file.
So
since we already have the data, we're going to bring it in the hard code
every time and work on it. So let's
run it again.
Now, we
just get the value from the dataset ID and
convert it to a text value. If you
look here,
all the services are printed out like this.
With this, we're going to extract the four values ​​of the product services, the
update date, the product name, the
price, the rating, and the link.
Here, too,
we're going to extract the final
PT month, the same as before.  It would be good to give it to you. So, I want to first extract the
parts in front and extract only this list part
by removing the parts in front. I will do that. If you look here, there is a CPC ad. This CPC ad appears here first. Before this CPC ad appears, there is no need. So I will first split it with a Psik ad and extract the data.
And if you look below,
there is a customer center text. After this, there is
no need. So I will add it to the customer center again. I will
extract the three variable product lists.
It is similar to before.
I will play with the CPC ad in the text. Then, I will slice it and throw away the
part in front of the CPC ad.
After that, I will start from part 2 and
bring it to the end. I will join it
with a blank space like this and merge the split part.
After merging, I will split it again and
divide it by the customer center. For example, I will
output only the part before the first part, where the customer center appears. I
will run it like this. Then, the output
seems to be cut to some extent. Then, I
want to divide the list items by service. If I want to divide it,
what criteria should I use to divide it?  If you
look for a pattern to see if you can divide by product,
there's this 99,000 won one, and then there's this premium monetization one
for 900,000 won.
So if you divide by this W 24 value, you
can divide the products one by one. So let's divide the items by that value. Let's call it a
list item.
Let's designate the product list as 214 brackets. So
after dividing it like this, let's run it again.
Then, yes, it's divided into list items like this.
Now, we need to organize this and
put it in the sheet. If you don't want to run it all at once
but divide it separately, you can
use the iterator to divide what's entered as one output.
So let's do that. Then,
go to flow control and
press iterator. Select the array, the items, the
entire items.
Then, it will receive the array value, receive it
as a list item, split it, and divide it. It divides the
bundle into several parts. If you
run it again, you can see several parts
like this.  I divided it into bundles. You
can see that it is well divided.
Then, let's run the PTL for each of these and
request that the data be organized in the format we want and extracted.
This time, since it is a short task, I will
give it 20 48. I
will also put in the system and user prompt. This time, the web, and
now the values ​​we want.
Get the product name, rate link.
Output it in Jason format. Do
not put this Jason value in the rate. And
here, I put in an example. I
put in two flags to show how it should come out.
There are cases with rates and cases without.
So I divided the cases with and without weight and
put them in.
Then, it will be easier to work with the chart.
Then, at the end, we
need to put in the actual website data.
So, with the website data, I will
put in the value value extracted by the iterator ES. Then, the
PT will extract the content here. It will be a
Jason file. Then, if you pass it again and
receive this value as it is,
please receive it and then connect it to the sheet.
Okay, this is the
same, so
let's move on quickly. Let's run it again and test it.
I'll put in the name, price, and link to the top.
Then I'll connect it again and run it once. I'll
put in the ones with stars and not put in the ones without stars, so I'll add the products well now. Oh, there are 35. You can see that the services are being added well. And now, when you actually use it, you can connect it like this. After connecting, change the dataset ID back
to def dataset ID.
Today, we looked at how to crawl both static and dynamic websites
using Make, Chachi PT, and P files.
In fact, you can do web crawling
in other ways without using Make. You can
create the code yourself and
use it while maintaining it.
Or,
there are external services that help with web crawling itself. You can
use those paid services and
request web crawling.
But now, creating the code
requires some development knowledge, and the HTML
code will continue to be updated. So you
have to keep modifying the code accordingly. That's how it works properly.
Since you can crawl, you
have to study a lot about development, and
there are disadvantages in that it uses a lot of resources.
In the case of external services, it is
likely to cost more than using FP files.
Also, there are some restrictions on the information being crawled and the
format in which it is output.
Also, it
may be difficult to automate using something like Make,
so there may be
limitations in using it as an element to create an automated workflow.
So, the
web crawling
method that compensates for these shortcomings is the web crawling method that
uses Make, AI, and Pa that I introduced today. If you
learn these three tools to a certain extent, you can
extract and use most of the information from websites.
In addition, you can use the API that
we learned about in the previous video for search engine-related data. This
web crawling
is actually a technology that can be useful when doing research or analyzing data related to work, so I think it would be good to learn
how to do web crawling while watching this video and
build a system that increases productivity.
Then, I will come back with a method to
build a system that can increase productivity.  If
you are interested, please subscribe and like and
set up notifications.
This was Citizen Individual Mr.
[Music]